IBX-118: Create reusable Commerce JS components (#1373)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/quick_order/quick_order_templates.md

| Path     | Description       |
| -------- | ----------------- |
| `ShopFrontendBundle/Resources/views/themes/standard/QuickOrder/quick_order.html.twig` | Entry page for quick order. |
| `ShopFrontendBundle/Resources/views/themes/standard/QuickOrder/quick_order_form.html.twig` | Quick order form. |

> | `ShopFrontendBundle/Resources/views/themes/standard/QuickOrder/quick_order_empty_line.html.twig` | An empty line innthe quick order form. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `ShopFrontendBundle/Resources/views/themes/standard/QuickOrder/quick_order_empty_line.html.twig` | An empty line in the quick order form. |
```
